Storm’s really in the
good books at the moment.
It’s nice to have him
around to, like, cuddle.
I do want Dave to realize
that there is this line
that he cannot cross.
I can’t deal with
the messages, like...
I’m still ----ing
in love with her,
but that’s not happening,
so I need to be able
to just push it away.
-Oh!
-[crash]
Oh!
Do you need medical?
You twisted your ankle?
My heart is in my stomach.
These guests are
very demanding.
Ah!
So, to lose one from your team,
I literally feel sick.
Kyle’s obviously upset
because he wants
to finish the season,
but, I mean,
we’re quite short-handed
as it is.
Yes, you need a third person.
To say goodbye is one
of the most difficult moments
for me that I’ve had.
-Bye, Kyle!
-Love you guys!
I know, it’s not just...
What don’t you see that I see?
Oh!
Thank you, Reid.
We just must get all
of the linens off the beds...
Uh-huh.
And all of the towels, we
just need to wash everything.
Everyone is exhausted.
Last charter ----ed
all of us,
and there’s still
an overwhelming
amount of work to be done.
[bleep].
Feel like we’re in the
sh-- in this scenario.
David, Natasha, and Storm,
meet me in the crew mess
for charter number nine
preference sheet meeting.
Copy.
All right.
-So, we made it.
-We did indeed.
Charter number nine,
final charter.
Co-primaries Josh Joseph
and his daughter, Sydney Joseph,
are the founders of their
own investment company.
They’re joined by business
partners Ashley and Michael,
aka Mook, the business
partner/NFL players
Dominique Easley
and Jordan Reed.
I think that the football boys
are gonna put some
food back, hey?
I don’t know anything
about American football.
I watch a sh-- ton of
Premier League.
Liverpool for life, baby.
You never ----ing walk alone.
For dinner, surf-and-turf
celebration.
Guests request
steak and lobster dinner.
Guests request a classic take
on a Las Vegas casino party.
In the afternoon,
the guests would like
to play on all the water toys.
Final charter.
Tomorrow we board, 12:00.
Guests will board us on anchor
due to potential weather.
-Thank you.
-Thanks, Captain.
Thank you, Sandy.
Ugh!
But I think you should be
on your normal shift,
because you can still
do dinner service with me.
Mm.
But she’s late as in,
like, Kyle was with me,
so then she can just clear up.
I think she’ll be quick,
she’s a housekeeping stew.
It’s been me and Kyle on
service the entire season.
I just need to get...
from the sundeck
No, I can grab that up.
Yeah, I’ve got your
tequila coming up.
-Uh-uh.
-My asshole burns.
Nat’s someone that
I don’t get along with.
For her to actually
be stuck with me,
it could potentially be
a bit of a disaster.
Forty-eight hours.
That’s all we need to get
through is the next 48 hours,
and we’re done.
Last charter.
Mm, it’s, like,
bittersweet for me.
It’s gonna be weird.
Meeting Nat and having
the connection with her
that I have, you know, I don’t
really wanna say goodbye to her.
I suck at goodbyes.
Here we go, this is it.
Last charter.
Ooh!
Oh, no, look at
the weather.
Oh sh--, where did
that come from?
It looks like it may
just be spotted clouds.
Tash when this girl
comes and she says--
She’s coming now.
Okay, rule number one,
no bitchiness.
Yeah.
I can’t deal with
that right now.
We’re too tired.
We got to get out
with our lives.
I think that she’s
gonna be cute.
Yes, sir.
The water taxi’s here.
-Hi!
The new stew.
-Okay.
-You look amazing.
Thank you, you too!
Oh, I’m Tasha.
Tasha, I’m Ellie,
nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
So, let me take my shoes off
before I ruin the teak,
-I don’t wanna...
-Ooh, look at your toenails.
Have you just had
them shellacked?
Thanks, I had... I did them
myself yesterday, actually.
My previous experience was
working on a cruise line.
I only worked in the spa there,
versus on a yacht.
As a stewardess,
you kind of do everything.
I am a little bit out of
my comfort zone, you know?
-Hi, how you doing?
- Hi, hi.
-Nice to meet you.
-I’m sorry, my hands are full.
-How you doing, you well?
Let me give you a hug.
-What’s your name again?
-Dave.
Dave... nice to meet you, Dave,
I’m Ellie.
Nice to meet you, Ellie.
Down to the crew areas.
-Meet Courtney now.
-Hello.
Hi... hi, Courtney,
how are you?
-This is Ellie.
-Good, thanks, how are you?
Great, nice to meet you.
You look so glam,
you look amazing.
I’m Natalya.
Hi, nice to meet you,
hi, Natalya.
So nice to have you on board.
Thank you!
Very glamorous Elena,
like, we’re on a yacht,
but off to, like,
a fashion show.
Like, I hope she’s ready
to get her hands dirty,
because she’s going
into housekeeping.
-Oh, this is cute.
-So, this one’s your bed.
Okay.
Here’s your uniform,
and take you up to the bridge
to see Captain Sandy.
Awesome, yay.
-Whereabouts are you from?
-From Slovenia.
I felt like, you know, at
least that was my experience,
that’s how I saw Sedona,
and I kind of had
to learn all these
different languages
as a child.
So, my first interest
was linguistics.
I’ve got a bachelor’s degree
in English and Russian languages
and literature, and my first job
was being a translator,
actually.
I’m currently working
on my seventh language,
which is Mandarin Chinese.
[speaking Mandarin]
Hi, hi, Captain,
nice to meet you.
-Hi, hi, good morning.
-You too.
-Good morning.
-Welcome aboard.
Thank you so much,
thank you for having me.
I’m happy to be here.
Yeah, that’s great,
and I really appreciate
you coming on board for this.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
Okay, thank you, Captain.
Nice girl.
Is she nice?
Yeah?
Hi!
Oh, have you met Storm?
-Hi.
-I have not met anybody.
-Nice to meet you, pleasure.
-Storm.
Hi, nice to meet you.
-Storm?
-Nice to meet you.
-What a cool name, awesome.
-Thank you very much.
I’m Ellie.
Thank you so much for coming.
Well, I’m here
for whatever you need.
All right,
I’ll see you soon.
Okay, I’ll be there
in a minute.
Once she’s changed, then do
you maybe wanna give her
a quick explanation
of the laundry,
so that when she comes in
she knows the system?
Yeah.
Courts, have you
met the new stew?
Yeah, she’s sexy.
Oh, yeah?
Mm-hmm, you’ll like her.
Although she’s about
double your height.
You’ll be mainly on laundry
and housekeeping for this trip,
which has been Nat’s baby.
I think you’ve done
laundry, haven’t you?
I’m definitely, like,
freaking out,
not being in control
over the laundry.
But I’m like, oh, like, I think
I’ve got high standards,
so it’s hard to let someone
else take the reins
when I’ve already got an idea in
my head of how things should be.
See, that’s good.
Awesome, yes.
Oh, it’s the provisioner.
Storm, Storm, provisions
are waiting on the dock
for us at the closest
jetty to us.
All right, thanks, Tash,
we’ll get on it now.
-You two can go?
-Yeah.
Are you on, Johnny?
Bridge, bridge,
that’s the tender away
with Courtney and Mzi.
Copy, Courts.
-Good morning.
I’m having a bit of trouble
with the ironing board.
It’s a little bit hard
to open it.
It’s probably me,
I don’t know.
I pressed over here
to release it, and then...
oh, my God.
Oh, okay, okay.
She needed the old
one, two hit-a-roo.
Yeah.
Okay, never used this before.
ETA, like, four minutes.
Copy that, thank you.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Hi.
Provisions, provisions.
-Hello!
-Hey, I’m Reid.
My name is Elena,
nice to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
This is just going
to the main table.
Main table over here?
Yeah, you can walk trough these.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Wow, this girl is beautiful.
Have I got the disco balls in...
Don’t be shellfish, mate.
Oh.
Okay, wow.
Dear Jesus.
-Dave?
-Yeah?
With the lunch,
is it soup for starter?
I’m doing, like,
Mediterranean Greek lamb kofta,
and I’m gonna do
a nice grilled sea bass.
All crew, all crew,
get into your whites.
Meet me on the swim platform
at 11:50.
Okay, copy.
This is Tash.
Ladies first.
-Hello.
-Hello!
-Hi.
-Hi, good afternoon.
All crew, all crew, guests
are in the water taxi.
We’re all good.
She’s coming.
All right.
Here we go.
Oh, here they come.
Oh!
Last charters always
drag on for some reason.
It’s like your body knows
that you’re coming to an end,
so it starts, like,
to shut down.
I’m super exhausted and
we haven’t had time at all
to train the new stewardess.
We’re basically giving Ellie
a rag and said,
like, do the cabins.
The boat is not...
Here they are.
-Coming up...
-Woo!
Ooh!
Welcome aboard.
How you doing, how you doing,
how you doing?
Good, welcome.
I’m Dominique,
nice to meet you.
I know who you are.
Welcome.
Actually, it’s nice to meet you.
You too, I’m so happy.
How are you?
Hi, I’m Courtney,
nice to meet you.
These guys are hot.
The only thing I really know
about American football,
I think, is that they
say, like, "32 hut."
We’ve got some cold towels here,
if you’d like, from Ellie.
If you’d like to refresh
your hands at all, or no?
Sure, thank you!
Thank you so much,
I appreciate it.
Natasha is gonna
show you around,
and then we’re gonna
get settled in.
We’ll do an exterior
tour first.
Cool.
Here’s the bridge deck aft.
Most meals will take
place at this table.
You got some pancakes
on the boat?
-No pancakes.
-No pancakes?
We’ll have pancakes later.
I eat pancakes for breakfast,
for lunch, for dinner... yeah.
Oh!
I’ll get Chef Dave
to make some for you.
Any particular flavor?
No, just a particular way.
Okay.
Last one, brother.
-Yes.
-Up here, we have the Jacuzzi.
-It is gorgeous.
Boy, these damn stairs
ain’t good for my knees, boy.
Thanks, guys.
Oh, wow, Gucci.
Then we can head through down
to the owner’s suite.
These stairs look crazy
right now!
It seems a little bit dangerous.
Forget the stairs.
-Holy sh--.
-This is beautiful.
-Perfect, we’ll take it.
-That would be, yeah.
Captain Sandy,
the Kris Jenner of yachting.
She’s a momager,
she’s a manager,
she’s a yachtager,
she’s Captain Sandy.
Let’s go check out
the other places.
You going downstairs?
One more time...
can you do this?
Sh--.
So, this is the VIP suite.
-Ooh!
-Oh!
And then the other cabins
are kind of very similar.
Listen, I am not gonna feel
comfortable sleeping
with that much water right
next to my head like that.
You can’t escape the water, bro.
No, no, no,
I know I can’t escape it,
but I’m gonna take
my ass upstairs.
Please, sir, may I have
some of your money?
Hey, we’re done with
the tour, right?
Yes.
All right, my love,
I’m gonna get changed quickly.
Okay, guys, let’s all
get changed into our wets.
Yeah, copy.
Where are you from?
Australia, from Perth.
-Beautiful.
-Yeah.
A dream of mine is
to hold a koala bear.
Oh, my God, everyone
thinks they’re really
soft and cuddly...
they’re not.
They scratch you,
and they also have chlamydia.
No way!
That is crazy.
It’s a fact, it’s
actually a fact.
Everyone’s like, "Oh, they
look so cute and stuff."
They’re not, they’re furry
and they...
-And they’ll give you an STD.
-Yeah.
Get the slide out,
get the toys out.
Whenever you’d like to
make your way to the table
and get ready for lunch.
Anything that can float is
going on that ----ing water.
Ellie, Ellie, Tasha.
Please, can you come up
to the main pantry?
We just need your help
for lunch service.
Copy that.
So, Dave, I think the guests
are making their way up now.
Yeah, I’m ready to go.
There was a point in the
season where I was, like,
I’ve had enough, I can’t handle
this emotionally and mentally,
because of Tash.
But at the end of the day,
I’m here to do a job
and I wanna make sure
I get it done well.
So, now it’s time to just go
full, like, tunnel vision...
one focus.
I’m coming for you.
Let’s go.
I’ll be right with you,
we’re just gonna do drinks
and stuff first.
What do you call this?
[chattering]
No, you do not like
fancy enough for this.
Yeah, for my bathing suit.
So, Nat just needs
a hand upstairs.
If you can, please, just
pour waters for them.
Look at the ----ing view.
Malta’s a pretty cool place.
Okay, that is salmon.
Three, two...
Would you like some still water?
-Yeah.
-Sparkling?
Sure.
Oh, wow.
Any more to go up, Dave?
-Sweet potato?
-Smoked sweet potato, yeah.
What is this?
So, we’ve got sweet potato.
-Wow, that looks great.
-You can smell the smoke.
There’s just one more thing.
I’ll run it up
and I’ll come explain.
Oh, perfect.
Natasha, we’ve got
a nice lamb kofta there.
We’ve got some grilled salmon
with some pickled courgette,
some smoked sweet
potato there, mixed tomato
and black bean salad there,
just a little bit of texture.
Thank you.
-Yeah, this sh--’s nice.
-Thanks, guys.
Mm.
-Oh, the sweet potato’s good.
-That was really good.
I just really wanna say
I appreciate it,
I appreciate the moment to
really bask in it with you guys.
-Thank you.
-Oh.
Thanks, sweetie.
That brought a tear to my eye.
Oh!
My ex reached out to me
basically saying
he wants to get
back together again.
I always feel sick about
the thought of being alone,
but all I can feel is
the way he looked at me
when he told me to [bleep] off.
Literally, like,
he wanted me to die.
Boy, that lamb looks good.
Mm, it’s really good.
-What you want?
-Just hand me...
you can use your hands.
Yeah, you can just toss me it.
Tash, going well
with the table?
Hey, can you please
stop messaging me?
I don’t need this right now.
I’m trying to...
I’m trying to do my
last charter.
It’s all right.
Okay.
You do you, Natasha.
Here you go.
Are you about to take
out the jet-skis?
Yeah, yeah.
Where’s D?
-He hasn’t slept in--
-[crash]
Oh, my God, did you just...
I’m good, I’m good, I’m good.
-Oh, that was not good.
-Oh, my God.
She just clocked something.
Oh, my God.
I did that when I was little...
I ran into a screen door
and my dad thought
it was hilarious.
-I did.
-You okay, Ellie?
Can I grab one of
the WaveRunners
and just take it out for
a few minutes?
Of course you can.
I’m sorry, I don’t have that
much experience in service.
I do love to learn, though, so
I’m about learning, but...
No, honestly, you’ve
been incredible.
Thank you so much.
Just press the red button and
you can get on and out of here.
Enjoy!
[text chimes]
Oh, I was wondering, how do you
tell people’s laundry apart,
because it’s not
really labeled, per se.
Oh, I know.
So, where...
I’ll have to ask Nat
what she normally does.
Okay.
You’re strong.
[text chimes]
Actually, I’ll be back
in just one moment.
Pretty awesome, right?
So awesome.
None of this is okay.
I am so fed up with
dealing with this now.
Do you use distilled water
for this, or regular water?
-Bottled water.
-Bottled water?
Enjoy.
Good job!
For tonight, like,
activities tonight...
Yeah?
Do we have a theme
we’re doing tonight?
Tonight we thought casino.
-It is, so it’s Vegas, okay.
-Yeah, Vegas.
Just so I can tell
everyone to dress for Vegas.
Vegas. Lovely.
I’m about to have a conversation
with you, big fella.
Yeah?
Me personally, I would
like some pancakes.
-For dinner?
-Yeah.
I like it crispy
around the edges, though.
-Yeah, okay.
-Not too fluffy.
No worries, I can do that.
A question...
do y’all have coconut oil?
-We do, yes.
-Ooh, okay.
Do you want me to do
it in coconut oil?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
Is that all right?
Yeah, so, usually, obviously,
you can do it whatever
way you do it...
just take, like,
a nice little glop,
put it right in the center as
I’m dripping the batter in.
Yeah, okay.
You know what I mean, so it
can just spread it out.
Do you want it small,
or do you want it big?
Big, big, yeah.
Big... yeah, that’s fine.
I’ll give it a go,
and then you...
Perfect.
Can see if I got
everything right.
I’m really happy you could
join us, thank you.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
So, you’ve worked in
spas, and...
-Yes.
-Yeah.
Where did you sail to?
We sailed all over.
I get a lot of the Caribbean,
a lot of South America as well.
So, you’re in some rough seas.
Oh... yeah.
A couple of years ago,
we lost engine power
in a storm in Norway
in this spot that’s,
like, historically known
for shipwrecks.
It’s, like, the worst spot
you could possibly
lose control over the vessel.
So, yeah, I’m lucky
to be alive right now.
It was a life-changing
experience, you know?
Did you have to launch
the life rafts?
We couldn’t, because
the weather was so bad.
Like, the waves were,
like, from 10 to 20 meter.
I felt like, you know, I had
a near-death experience there.
It was really hard
thinking of my parents.
I’m their only child, so my
heart broke for my parents.
It wasn’t even so much
for me and my life.
Just thinking of the pain
it would cause my parents
was so heartbreaking.
We had, like,
helicopters evacuating us,
and it was, like,
a 27-hour mission.
That’s terrible,
just flailing in the sea.
Pretty much, yeah.
* Second-to-last dinner
Second-to-last dinner *
You’re so excited, I love it.
Ah, where do I start,
where do I start?
Oh, wow.
Boys’ outfits tonight, yee!
Do you wanna go on the tube?
I could take you on the red one
behind the ski, do you wanna go?
All right.
Just him and the Mediterranean.
Dinner... right, what are
we having tonight
for dinner for the guests?
Are you all right?
So, I’m doing a
lobster surf-and-turf...
Yeah?
With short rib and lobster.
So...
He mentioned earlier
he could eat pancakes
for breakfast, lunch,
and dinner.
And that’s what he wants.
Oh, my.
Dude, that’s sh-- that
we live for right there, boy.
-It is.
-That sh-- is fire.
-Oh, there you go!
-Ooh!
Oh, that was up in the air!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Good job!
[bleep]
Come on, I’ll do it.
Hey, I’m gonna do that sh--.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, one time.
Okay, what am I doing,
what am I doing?
Woo!
-Oh!
-Ooh!
-Oh, you did?
-Yeah.
Are you all right?
Damn.
My little confettis.
Sh--.
I always wear that mother----er.
I never take it off.
I’m gonna go look
for my sh--.
Where... where you... when?
What... which one?
I think it was that last
spill that got me,
so I lost it in the
Mediterranean.
Sure.
Can we get it tomorrow,
first thing in the morning?
Who would wanna dive?
Oh sh--.
Oh, that’s why you wanna dive.
-Yeah.
-[bleep]
Let me see if we can
possibly dive, like,
first thing in the morning,
or, like, this...
if somebody could come.
-I’ll go speak to Captain.
-Okay.
-Just bear with me.
-Oh, thanks.
-All right, thank you.
-Dave, Dave, Nat.
Captain Sandy, Captain Sandy,
Courtney.
It’s very hard to say
no to guests.
Like, I hate it.
But we’re in a bay, basically,
and the current’s going
out of this bay.
So, even if you wanted to
dive down and get it,
somebody would have
to dive 40 meters,
which there would still
be no possibility
of finding this chain.
I can see him, like,
stressing the [bleep] out.
So, the guy went tubing
with his big, gold chain on...
-And he lost it?
-And he’s lost it.
They’re just wondering if,
like,
there’s any, like,
diving facilities
where they could dive down
in the water tomorrow morning
and try and find it.
How deep is it, 14 meters.
Sh--.
And it’s probably deeper where
you were taking him on the tube.
I’m in a shallow spot.
That necklace is a needle
in a haystack.
I would say this...
did he have insurance?
I think I’d make a claim.
-It’s gone.
-Yeah.
Okay, I’ll go and tell them.
Okay, thanks, Cap.
-That was a good job today.
-Thanks.
Yes, look at this!
Thank you.
I’m just, like, I haven’t
decided, like randomly.
My process is I put
everything on the table
and then I eliminate
all the rubbish.
-No, I’m the same.
-The boys are gonna set up.
Okay, fab, oh!
Run up those napkins.
I should do my dinner jacket
fold again.
-Yeah, do that.
-Yeah.
-Sexual.
I feel like losing Kyle
has brought me and
Natalya closer together.
I’m actually
really surprised.
So, it’s nice to actually
spend time with her.
I’m gonna get changed
when I finish...
-Yeah.
-because I’m gonna get in my...
one of those.
All right,
so you’re half a day in.
I walked through a glass door
in front of the guests.
-No, you didn’t.
-Yeah, I did.
So, how long have you been
in yachting?
I’ve been in yachting
since last June.
My first boat was Kismet,
so I...
-Mm-hmm.
-...worked on, like, a 95-meter.
Yeah, I know Kizzy.
Oh, yeah?
Most of my friends describe
me as pretty flirty.
I don’t try to be.
So, you said you’re from?
I’m a Southern boy
through-and-through.
Is that flirty?
Maybe, but really,
it’s just the truth.
Ooh, you know
what song I like?
"Tennessee Whiskey."
Yes, I love that one.
I think we’re gonna get
along really well.
Thanks.
-What would you do?
-Do we have good news?
-Mm.
-We have bad news.
Well, obviously, you were
tubing, like, all around there,
and it only gets
deeper from here.
It’s, like...
And this current is probably
the strongest current
that we’ve had,
like, all season.
Probably is already going
that way.
-[bleep]
-I know, I’m sorry...
this is not the news
that you want to hear.
I understand the seriousness.
No, of course...
okay, cool, yeah.
Yeah, that’s all we
can kinda do at the moment.
Yeah.
You did what you can,
life happens.
The chain...
that’s long gone.
It’s in Spain, honey,
it’s not in Malta anymore.
I don’t actually know where
Spain is in comparison to Malta.
I don’t know.
Sorry, man.
Life happens, you lose
six-figure chains.
[laughing]
So, tonight is James Bond?
Yeah.
I actually happen
to have a costume on me.
Okay.
But I don’t know if it’s
gonna fit the theme at all.
What is it?
It’s a Playboy Bunny costume.
Like, if you feel comfortable
to do that, then bring it on.
Yeah.
On my previous boat we had
a lot of costume parties,
and I dressed up
as a Playboy Bunny.
It kind of became,
like, my theme, you know,
what everybody knew me for.
Ever since then, I’ve been
bringing all my costumes along.
I’ve got my slutty cheerleader,
that’s another staple of mine.
But yeah, there is not
enough time on this boat
to bring the other personas.
We’re just going with
the bunny for now.
All crew, all crew, we’re gonna
be putting in all the toys.
Everyone’s doing
a great job so far.
So, it’s a Vegas night.
-Casino night?
-Casino night.
I’m gonna go take a shower.
I’m gonna go get ready.
Interior, Court. What time is
everything starting tonight?
Okay.
Boys?
Dinnertime.
Hey. Boys?
Hey.
Gotta get up and shower.
All right, I’m so excited
to see your outfits.
Yeah, it’s gonna be fun!
Oh, my God.
What the hell is this dress?
Let me see?
Oh, wow.
Welcome to Vegas.
This is disgusting.
-Splashy.
-"Splashy!"
Splashy!
I’m jel, I wanna be
a Playboy Bunny.
I’ve actually got two costumes.
No way!
Oh, my God, that’s so hot.
Oh, my God, so cute!
Okay, I feel like...
Oh, my God!
I think it’s a bit much
to be honest.
I can die a happy man now.
Thankfully, Courtney and
I both have skirts
to make it a little bit more
presentable to the guests.
We’re working for tips,
but not that kind of tips.
I feel like a ----ing idiot.
Let me see...
I’m a porn director in the ’70s,
but I’m also the fluffer
and the lead actor.
And the director.
The three of you again
doing anchor watch.
I will be going to bed.
-You know your time, eh?
-Two, correct?
Thanks, mate.
Help me...
do you have a minute?
Of course I do.
Can you cut my tail off, please?
-Cut your tail off.
-Yeah.
Roll Tide.
Oh, my goodness... rawr.
Ooh!
-Good night, ladies.
-Good night!
You look like a fortune teller.
Oh, my God, Blackjack.
Blackjack.
-Isn’t it cute, what they did?
-So cute.
Woo!
That’s amazing!
So, Vegas versus
Playboy Bunnies?
Well, we just thought,
you know, like,
cocktail waitresses in Vegas.
-Yeah, I love it.
-Oh, I like that.
This is the best.
Would you like still
or sparkling water?
Still would be great,
thank you so much.
Still?
Wonderful outfits.
Mm-hmm.
This is for the pancakes.
If someone asks for a thin
pancake, I’m gonna make a crepe.
Super airy, super light,
crispy on the outside.
I’ve even got a blowtorch,
just to make it really
crispy on the outside.
I’m just gonna go up
with the bread.
All right,
how about a toast now?
Ashes to ashes,
dust to dust
[bleep] ain’t pizza,
so don’t eat the crust.
Damn.
Where did you hear these from?
A drag queen friend.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Freshly baked bread.
There you go, love.
Hopefully he likes them.
-Thank you.
-Ta-da!
All I know is I want
the butter
that’s on the other side,
and the salt.
This is the pancake request.
Pancake, yes, yes.
Oh, my God.
Thin, crispy-ass pancakes
right there.
-Oh!
-Wow.
Are those the pancakes?
Well, that’s what
you wanted, right?
They’re French.
If you stack them all together,
it’s like a pancake.
You really want a pancake?
He’ll make you pancakes.
So, you asked for crepes,
but you...
-No, I did not ask for crepes.
-No, he did not ask for crepes.
I specifically said "pancakes."
-Did you say that to him?
-Yeah.
I’m gonna get pancakes.
I know I did not say crepes.
-You said pancakes.
-I’m not eating that sh--.
I’m not eating that.
I don’t want it.
-I’m not a crepe person.
-Oh, okay.
Chef, he doesn’t want crepes,
he wants pancakes.
No, he doesn’t.
He wants the opposite
to American pancakes.
No, I’m telling you
right now, he goes...
he doesn’t...
he wants a pancake.
I was told that he doesn’t
like American-style pancakes.
I was told that he wants thin,
crispy on the outside.
-I would like some pancakes.
-For dinner?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
I like it crispy
around the edges, though.
-Yeah, okay.
-And not too fluffy.
So, I sent him up a
----ing thin pancake.
He doesn’t look very happy.
-You upset?
-No, I’m not upset.
We had this massive conversation
about thin, crispy ones.
Sorry, David.
I said ----ing pancakes.
That’s the sh-- I wanted.
I just wanted some
Goddamn ----ing pancakes
that were crispy.
You’re saying you’re a
pancake-eating mother----er.
I got that.
Yeah, crispy-edge
pancake-eating mother----er.
I’m gonna go to bed.
Good night, thank
you for appearing.
Ouchie.
Okay, we’re ready on dinner.
-Hi.
-Hello, hello.
-Oh, look at these costumes.
Hello!
On the base we’ve got
celeriac and vanilla puree,
got some char-grilled asparagus,
and then we’ve just
got some grilled sea bass.
Ooh.
My favorite.
And then I got
the pancakes wrong, so...
No, no, you’re good, man.
You didn’t get them wrong,
you just made crepes.
I’m a very difficult person...
I wanna get it right, though,
I wanna get it right.
-I got you.
-So, thicker than that.
Yeah, yeah, like,
a little bit thicker.
-A little bit thicker, oh.
-Yeah, yeah, a little thicker.
Stop this sh--.
Does she know she does
have to do turn-downs?
Do you wanna
just give her a hand?
-Yeah.
-So, in-between...
A crepe and a pancake.
All right, just
give me two minutes.
Wow.
This sea bass
is really good.
Yes.
Oh, you like flipping
pancakes... here you go.
Flip it...
no pressure, if you get
it wrong, I’m ----ed.
It’s a big pancake to...
Oh [bleep].
You do it.
Lovely, you’re so neat!
Ellie seems switched on,
like she understands
the laundry system.
She’s doing really well, which
I’m super surprised about.
I’m gonna jump in the cabins
with you and come back for...
Yes.
We got the dice, I’m trying
to take somebody’s money now.
Thank you.
Is it like this thickness,
would you say?
-Oh...
-Yeah.
That’s a little
bit better, right?
No... no, you...
you’ve gotta be honest, come on.
We need to nail this pancake.
-I’m gonna eat it.
-Yeah?
Yeah, I’m gonna eat it.
Yeah, I just gotta teach
y’all, that’s all.
-Okay.
-It’s just a little technique.
Yeah, you must show us.
I’m really intrigued.
Have you finished
this double?
Yeah, I think so.
All right, we’ll pop it in
the cleaning cupboard.
He’s eating it.
Oh, he’s... oh, no.
Oh, no, no.
Eat your pancake,
your thinly sliced pancake.
Service in the galley, please.
I’m gonna go serve
the next course,
and then I will
jump into master.
Okay.
All right.
Hello, everybody.
Davey, what are
we talking about here?
Grilled surf-and-turf.
This is a lobster bisque.
We’ve got a
butternut squash puree,
a 14-hour slow-roast
short rib.
-Enjoy, guys.
-Beautifully presented.
Wow.
The lobster is good, though.
The hair on the floor.
Sayonara, friend.
Yay, cabin done.
Nicely done, girl.
You should have seen me
in the master floor,
-I was like ----ing.
-Getting down?
Somebody come here.
Storm, settle down!
How am I supposed to
settle down, look at you!
Thank you so much.
You’re welcome.
What?
No, but I can snort a noodle
and make it go out my throat.
That’s... we stop there.
I gotta see this sh--.
It has to be a spaghetti noodle.
Got you.
A floppy spaghetti noodle.
-I have a request.
-Ooh, hello!
So, somebody said that they
can snort a noodle
up they nose and make it
come out their mouth.
-So, like, a spaghetti noodle.
-Yeah, like a spaghetti noodle.
-No way!
-Do you have a spaghetti noodle?
We’d have to cook it, surely?
Yeah.
I would like to watch.
Of course, the pancake guy
who is ----ing pissed off
with his pancakes
wants something else.
They’re gonna cook
up the noodles
and they’re gonna
bring up the...
-You’re lying.
-I promise you!
-Dave?
-Yeah.
Just let me know when
that spaghetti’s ready.
Let’s play Blackjack.
Hi, are you looking
for your drink?
No, I’m looking for, like,
a place to lie down.
Here.
Mook, you can’t go to sleep.
Where’s that noodle at, man?
[laughing]
Spaghetti.
You wanna take it up to him?
No, he wants to do
a party trick.
So, he wants to put spaghetti
up his nose, and Q-Tips.
-Let me put this on the...
-The big boys have gone down.
-Here you go.
-I reckon I can do it.
Okay.
I can’t do it!
Ah!
You do have, like, some
solid nostrils there.
You’ve gotta snarf it in.
Oh, my God!
Can I get video of this?
This is so gross.
-Can you cover my feet, too?
-Feet in there?
Well, guys, I believe someone
ordered spaghetti and Q-Tips.
Noodles, yes!
-Spaghetti and Q-Tips!
-Who’s it for?
Him!
It’s stuck, I can’t
get it any further!
I can’t get it...
I’m gonna snort it and
then pull it out my... hold on.
Oh sh--!
[bleep]
-Yay!
-[bleep]
[bleep]
Coming up...
He’s calling me a bully.
He said that?
That’s what your boyfriend said.
It’s a load of rubbish.
So, what... how would you want
me to deal with this situation?
I don’t, I want you to know.
Would anyone like a
porn star martini?
Is this carrot juice and...
So, this is champagne and
this is porn star martini.
No, she’s doubling down.
You’re doing a lot of math
in your head right now?
Thank you for tonight.
-Nice, baby.
-Oh, 21, look at that.
Yes!
Mook, come on, let’s go,
speed it up a little bit.
The slowest dealer...
Ready to go?
Yeah, I was about
to head up too.
Let’s go.
Okay, let me know what
you want me to do.
The pantries, the dining room
needs doing.
Then I’m gonna head off to bed.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
You can just come in, you can
get me if you need something.
Bedtime.
Right there.
-Good night!
-Good night, guys.
Love you, girlies.
Love you, good night.
The plan for tomorrow,
you must get up at 9:00.
Okay, thank you.
That’s great, thank you.
Oh, my gosh.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I’m gonna vacuum here.
Oh, they loved it.
Thank you for your help, though.
It would have been nothing
without the tail.
When I first start a job,
I try to impress
by jumping into it, working my
behind as much as possible.
You don’t need to do that.
-We’re practicing folds.
-Okay.
Thank you for your help.
Good night.
[text chime]
Tash, Tash, Dave.
Can you meet me in the galley?
Maybe put the
paddleboards out too.
I need to talk to you.
What, right now?
He’s calling me a bully.
Who said that?
That’s what your
boyfriend said.
Your boyfriend said I’m a bully.
Huh?
I’ve made so many mistakes.
Dave and I should
never have happened.
But mine and
my ex’s relationship
should have ended years ago.
Yet, I let it get to this,
and now he’s just
trying to hurt me.
Bully?
I don’t know where on Earth
he’s got that from.
It’s, like, one of the one
things that I hate most in life.
I’m not a bully.
Okay, so, what...
how do you want me to deal
with this situation?
I don’t, I want you to know.
-I just want...
-To message him?
No, not at all.
I just want...
I’m just talking
to you about it.
It’s a super
sh-- situation, Tash.
Hello, good morning.
Would you like a
coffee, a juice?
Great.
I don’t know who the [bleep]
he thinks he is.
I’ve never been
aggressive towards you.
[laughs]
-What?
-Mm-hmm.
When have I ever been
aggressive towards you?
Our job requires
working together.
I’m sick of pussyfooting
around you,
I’m ----ing done with it.
-Tash.
-Some messages.
All right, I did that once
that one time
when I sent you those messages.
It’s a load of rubbish.
It hurts me, like, seeing...
it’s crap.
He’s a ----ing wanker.
How dare he?
If he wants to bring me
into it too, I’m in.
This is so stupid.
All right, I’m not gonna talk
to any of this, it’s just...
What... what do you mean?
[bleep]
This is all building and
building and building.
It’s just this massive
snowball right now,
and it’s getting out of control.
Sh--.
Next, on the season finale
of "Below Deck Mediterranean."
We’re taking
all our clothes off.
Oh, my God!
-Deal?
-No.
-[bleep]
-Woo!
You’re such a stripper.
This night is definitely
the wildest sides
I’ve seen of everybody.
-Like, Tash...
-Woo!
I did not see that side of her.
Kyle!
Hello!
I’m back!
All right, pancakes.
They look raw on the inside.
That sh-- is just
----ing terrible.
I think that you can have fun
and it not be serious.
[alarm sounds]
It is my second day on board,
and I’m late to work.
Ellie.
My rose was gelling into
my role with my crew.
Forgot to mention
one of your roses.
Get your sh-- together.
Like, that pisses me off.
Oh, my God.
What is Storm doing?
Wait, what is happening
over there?
-Oh, my God.
-Storm!